# Repository Description
- `user-interface-demo` : A runnable unpacked folder contains all the front-end files. This folder can be loaded into chrome and run but it does not have any functionality.
- `Twitter app` : A standalone application with all the functions including privacy model and new tweet checking.
# Project Introduction
This project is the partial implementation of my master degree dissertation. This project consists of a Chrome plug-in user interface and a standalone Twitter application.
## User Interface
The user interface shows the layout and style of the plugin window without functionality. The manifest file contains all the metadata that the plugin required and the HTML file contains the layout and style. Those javascript files are just for logging some messages in the console without functionality.
## Twitter Application
The Twitter app implements all the functions discussed in the dissertation. The jupyter notebook file is for initial trials and testing and the final version of the application is in the python file.

The steps to build a privacy model are as follows :

1. Get the timeline data from the specific user.
2. Extract place names and hashtags from the raw text.
3. Text preprocessing.
4. Get the keywords from the topics generated by LDA.
5. Transform the data to LSI space and build a similarity index.

The steps to check the new tweet are as follows :

1. Check if it contains place names or hashtags in the privacy model.
2. Check if it contains enough keywords 
3. Check the similarity between the new tweet and the previous tweets.

If the new tweet passes one of the above checks, we can say that it is fine to post the new tweet which does not have privacy information that is out of the privacy model. If the new tweet is blocked by all of the checks, then it is highly possible to have privacy-sensitive information and it should not be passed to the public.  